src,lib: add performance.uvMetricsInfo (#54413)
nodejs/node: doc/api/perf_hooks.md

to the promise and the duration will be reported once the finally handler is
invoked.

### `performance.uvMetricsInfo()`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* Returns: {Object}
  * `loopCount` {number} Number of event loop iterations.
  * `events` {number} Number of events that have been processed by the event handler.

>   * `events_waiting` {number} Number of events that were waiting to be processed when the event provider was called.

Reviewer: Probably want this to be `eventsWaiting` or switch the other to `loop_count` for consistency.

This is an wrapper to the `uv_metrics_info`.
It returns the current set of event loop metrics.

It's recommended to use this function inside a `setImmediate` to avoid
collecting metrics before finishing all operations on current loop iteration.

> ```js
> const { performance } = require('node:perf_hooks');
> 
> setImmediate(() => {
>   console.log(performance.uvMetricsInfo());
> });
> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```cjs
const { performance } = require('node:perf_hooks');

setImmediate(() => {
  console.log(performance.uvMetricsInfo());
});
```
```mjs
import { performance } from 'node:perf_hooks';

setImmediate(() => {
  console.log(performance.uvMetricsInfo());
});
```
````

to the promise and the duration will be reported once the finally handler is
invoked.

> ### `performance.uvMetricsInfo()`

Author: I was following the `performance.*` function names, for instance, `performance.eventLoopUtilization()`. I don't have a strong preference either.

> ### `performance.uvMetricsInfo()`

Reviewer 3: If you want to add another non-standard extension to `performance`, the documentation should make it clear that this is indeed non-standard. Is there any reason not to add these metrics to the existing non-standard `performance.nodeTiming` property?

> ### `performance.uvMetricsInfo()`

Author: You are right, adding uv_metrics_info to performance.nodeTiming makes sense. Possibly, eventLoopUtilization could also be migrated to nodeTiming in the future.

> ### `performance.uvMetricsInfo()`

Reviewer 3: The documentation seems outdated now.

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* Returns: {Object}
  * `loopCount` {number} Number of event loop iterations.
  * `events` {number} Number of events that have been processed by the event handler.

>   * `eventsWaiting` {number} Number of events that were waiting to be processed when the event provider was called.

Author: Yes, this is following libuv naming.

This is an wrapper to the `uv_metrics_info`.
It returns the current set of event loop metrics.

> It's recommended to use this function inside a `setImmediate` to avoid
> collecting metrics before finishing all operations on current loop iteration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use this function inside a function whose execution was
scheduled using `setImmediate` to avoid collecting metrics before finishing all
operations scheduled during the current loop iteration.
```
